[COMMERCIAL]
[READING]
[♪MUSIC♪]
>>HOST: HI I AM
SUZANNE RUNYAN YOU
ARE WATCHING HSN AND
I HOPE YOUR HAVING A
BALL. I KNOW I AM,
TOO MUCH FOR JOINING
ME. I LOVE SEVERAL
OF THE CHATTERS BUTR
FREEZER AND FORGOT
IT IN THERE AND SHE
LOVED IT SO MUCH
THAT NOW THAT IS THE
ONLY WAY SHE DRINKS
IT. IF I EVER AM
HOSPITALIZED I AM
GOING TO NEED AND
INTERVENE THIS DIET
IV OFDIET COKE.E
HOW MANY OF YOU ARE
THE POLAR BEAR
FANS? THEY ARE TODAY
THE MOST RECOGNIZED
ICON FOR COCA-
AND IT IS THESE
ADORABLE POLAR BEARS
>>GUEST: I BROUGHT A
FEW FRIENDS AND IT
WAS DIFFICULT TO GET
ON THE PLANE WITH
THEM. [LAUGHTER]
>>HOST: WE HAVE TWO
SIZES. THE SMALLER
LITTLE GUY IS
$59.951 AND THEN%
BIG GUY IS $199.95.
IF YOU A LARGE
GUY, THIS IS THE
ONLY PLACE TO GET IT
AND WE HAVE TWO
DOZEN REMAINING.
>>GUEST: HE IS HUGE
AND I THINK WE HAVE
FREE SHIPPING AND
HANDLING ON LET
YOUR UPS GUY WORRY
ABOUT GETTING IT TO
YOUR HOUSE. HE IS
SUPER SOFT AND
SOMETHING YOU CAN
SIT ON THE FLOOR AND
LEAN BACK AND READ A
GOOD BOOK AND HAVE A
GREAT TIME ON THE
LIVING-ROOM FLOOR
AROUND 3:00 ON A
SUNNY AFTERNOON WITH
THAT NOT THE CUTE?
>>HOST: EONE
SAID THERE 20 USE
THE THROWS INSTEAD
OF DECORATING THE
HOUSE, ONE OF THE
CHATTERS SAID
THEY'RE GOING TO
DECORATE THEIR CAR
WITH IT AND WRAP UP
IN FOR A LONG TRIP.
>>HOST: SHERRY IN
MICHIGAN HELLO!
>>CALLER: HI HOW ARE
YOU LADIES?
>>HOST: GREAT AND
YOU?
>>CALLER: I AM GREAT
NOW THAT I MY BROT-
IN-LAW, WHO IS VERY
HARD TO SHOP FOR.
THE BRIDGE
IS A BEAUTIFUL
QUALITY OF ART AND
WHAT I THINK COCA-
COLA DOES AND A LOT
OF OTHER BRANDS HAVE
NOT GOT A GRASP OF
IS NOT JUST THE
BRAND BUT AN
EXPERIENCE THAT
EVOKES MEMORIES.
THAT IS SO AMAZING
THAT COCA-COLA HAS
DONE THAT AND IS
TAKING BACK TO ALL
MY MEMORIES AS A
CHILD.
>>GUEST: YOU ARE
RIGHT.
>>HOST: YOU THOUGHT
IT WAS THE PERFECT
GIFT FOR YOUR TOUGH
TO BUY A BROTHER-IN-
LAW. YEAH
>>CALLER: WHERE WILL
WHERE WILL HE PUT? IT
>>CALLER: OVER THE
COUCH OR COVERED
CHAIR MAY BE? HE CAN
ALWAYS THINK OF HIS
FAVORITE SISTER-IN-
LAW.6 C13
>>HOST: IS NOT THE
WORSE WHEN YOU BUY
SOMETHING LAST
MINUTE AND YOU KNOW
IT IS A LAME GIFT
BUT HE IS HARD TO
BUY FOR BUTEVER THIR
YOU MAY WIN THE
PRIZE.
>>CALLER: COCA-COLA
THERE'S NO OTHER
BRAND LIKE IT THAT
CREATES AN
EXPERIENCE IS NOT
JUST A BRAND.
>>HOST: WHY.
>>CALLER: THANK YOU
LADIES, BYE BYE.
>>HOST: THE BIG GUY
IS ALMOST GONE THERE
IS ONLY 10 OF THEM
LEFT. --THANK YOU
>>HOST: YOU CANNOT
GET WE DO
HAVE A SMALLER
AND HE IS REALLY BIG
ALSO, IS CUDDLY
AND FUN AND ADORABLE
SO ASK ABOUT HIM AS
WELL.COND. WE HAVE
AWESOME ITEMS COMING
UP FROM COCA- C13
COLLECTION AND ALSO
ON WWW.HSN.COM. BY
THE WAY MY
SWEATSHIRT IS
AND I HAVE
THE CLOSE NECKLACE
ON
>>GUEST: IS A
COMPANY CALLED SMART
GLASS DOZER
GEORGIA GREEN COCA-
COLA GLASS BOTTLES.